well I am in an abandoned warehouse
somewhere in downtown Los Angeles join
right now by Anik Allen and I think this
is the future team house for the team
right exactly do you like the motif yeah
it's very nice the people walking around
in the background
other way to the bathroom I think called
exposed brick yeah avant-garde yes very
nice no let's talk a little bit so we
had you on hot line League a little bit
over a month ago to sort of talk to us
then yeah
since the roster changes and everything
happy new year trap yes thank you
LCS is starting up in just a little bit
and all the rosters have been finalized
how confident are you in your team's
situation very confident okay yeah so
darshan told me first place at the end
of the split in the rankings and then
six they told me top three and said
darshan is ambitious so where would you
which player gave you the lowest yeah
right we won't talk about that perfect
actually only what a head of the
interviews one are there one of your
managers told the team please promote
the new jerseys in your interviews huh
only one of them remember to do it okay
which one okay so you'll find out what
kind of shape promote it now or should
him out okay well I don't know he cares
about these Jersey shout outs at the end
yeah so yeah so how are things going now
at the start of the year any interesting
projects that you can talk to you and
you want to make sure the microphones
and flow yeah is this like is this where
is this how these work yeah used to work
at IPL all these years to know those
microphones business works I think a lot
of the start of the season has been
getting our infrastructure in place
bringing in the right coaches bringing
in the RAI analysts just really
evaluating what we need to be successful
long term and you know we've got coach
Tony at the helm but we've got an
assembled a really exciting group of
folks they're gonna help our team be
really really successful so that's been
a lot of it and then really you know the
star of the season comes new jerseys
yeah which you can find on our website
but also
what is our marketing campaign like what
does our social presence gonna look like
and there's a lot of big questions to
answer going into the start of the
season that's not just like who are our
players can abuse a lot of work and
making sure that we you know we do
interesting and cool new things and that
we are also engaging with our fans and
doing things that they're gonna like too
and so I understand what that is means
talking with them means a lot of
evaluation a lot of work yeah so that's
where we've been spending our time by
the way am I looking at the camera I'm
like you look at them do you interviewed
Reggie about his like retirement
interview in 2013 you know how to use
its but you deduce used to do interviews
you don't know what to do it's just this
this ambiance is really thrown without
my game yeah yeah so I follow you on
Instagram okay and I follow Reggie on
Instagram huh one of the things that I
have noticed is both you know as we're
shooting this yesterday and several
weeks ago there were Instagram stories
posted with you and what I noticed to be
several of the other owners that
happened yesterday what what's going on
with all you guys teaming up or hanging
out or doing whatever you're doing
well we great question first off just
just a little bit requested a little bit
of Investigation yeah yeah no it's great
you know we we hang out we talk and a
lot of its checking in to see how the
start of the season is going but also we
are all in this thing together in
partnership with riot and so we want to
help each other be successful and so we
share best practices we talk about
infrastructure all the things that are
gonna help us be successful and we all
have learnings and unique approaches
right there's all these new
organizations coming into the league a
lot of these these teams are backed by
big you know MBA franchises that kind of
tons of experience there too and so like
how do we how do we just make sure that
we're all as successful as possible and
so we come together we talk we converse
we share trade secrets but more than
anything it's just like we it is a group
of folks that want to see everyone
succeed and that's really what it's all
about I one of the reasons I ask is
because I feel as though I know you're
somewhat new to be
on the team site though previously we're
on the right side this is somewhat new
for me at least I I think a lot of
people previously had identified that
very clearly Jack and Andy and Steve had
a pretty good working relationship and
at other times you might see like a
couple of the team owners hanging out
together work together but this is the
first time where I've seen in such a
short time so so much collaboration or
conversation happening between all the
different teams and so so do you think
my assessment is correct that this is a
new thing and then maybe sort of a
byproduct of the franchising situation
you know I think the team owners were
talking before like I would be I would
doubt that they weren't conversing at
all but I think like I said we had LCS
forever yeah yeah well we're missing one
team from that yes stay out of that one
it's black hole um but I do think there
is an intentionality of just wanting to
make sure that we're all succeeding yeah
and me being a new you know in this
position new to the team side it would
be foolish of me not to be asking hey
Steve hey Jack hey Andy hey Rick Fox
right like what are these things that
you guys have learned they're gonna be
helpful for me to be successful because
it's end of the day there's you know
there's revenue sharing there's things
that are all gonna help prop us up and
so everyone wants to be giving it their
best shot and the best way to do that is
to learn from each other to glean new
information and new ways of approaching
things so it's really there's an
intentionality about it it is important
that we're all successful is
intentionality a word you tell me
traffic you're you're journalists your
new team other friends teach you that
we're exactly here like read on word of
the day toilet paper
sorry hey Jackie Steve it handy what
what do you do and they're like well you
know the intentionality if it's not a
real word someone needs to call me out
because I've been using it oh that's how
those sponsor conversations fizzled out
I would be remiss if I did not talk a
little bit about I think the CLG
subreddit is starting to look a lot like
the League of Legends subreddit it
looked actually the legal I just
suffered it when you used to work at
riot looks a lot like the sealview
subreddit works it looks now that you
had CLG I was
trend here yeah is this is this just how
rad it works in general who's to say
there were a lot of happy times no but
there are a lot of questions I think so
people and so we can kind of run-down
them one is a lot of people have
identified that there's been a decent
amount of staff changing yeah at CLG
Melissa who had been a face of the CLG
leadership for a while I think I've
tried to remember used to twit longer I
think he's a medium post but I hope it
wasn't too long I'm pretty sure he's
twit long oh dear God the thing that you
hate yes it was that one yeah but he
announced his departure from CLG and I
think a lot of other people there was a
threat at one point in time that
identified a lot of the stats that had
changed in the past couple months so
what what is there a correlation between
you coming into the whole like how many
of everybody you know a lot of people
turning over and new faces coming in or
or you know why are we saying so much
change around this time gotcha
and its really good question and I don't
think we've come out and like just
addressed it so as you guys know massive
Square Garden acquired CLG and me coming
in a big thing that I'm looking to do is
bring the organization and to not to be
too cliche but a new era right and and
doing so raising the professionalism of
the organization as a whole and so
there's some changes that are happening
where we're going to be moving out of
our team house which is not a secret
Mallick see it came out and said that
we're gonna be moving into a an office
space right we are gonna be changing the
way that we approach marketing and some
of the processes that we do things right
a lot of the old ways that CLG used to
do things are not the way that we're
gonna do we do it forward not to say
that they're worse but me being the the
head of the company now I have a
different take on how I would like to
see these things done but also more than
that
it isn't the same CLG that it was six
months ago than it was two years ago and
I think that transition for the
organization is not easy for some folks
within that within the team and they the
the CLG that they know in love that they
decided to be a part
of is changing right and so what this
has resulted in is some folks have
decided they're not going to be with CLG
anymore but more than that I think you
know and we would love to have them
staying with CLG but more than that it
really is a new era and a new time and
and the people that are continuing on
with CLG that are excited and fired up
about what we're doing like we're really
really excited to have them and the
folks that aren't there like totally
understandable like this isn't the
organization that they got on board with
originally and so whether they go to a
new team or they do other things other
than eSports we were just looking to
support them in every way that we can to
help them in their future as best as
possible so I think like the change the
disruption that sort of causes with
these changes is a reason that some
folks have decided to to part ways with
CLG sure yeah on the I think the other
thing that a lot of people have been
talking about recently is CLG getting
out of a couple different eSports teams
maybe csgo being the most notable and I
think a lot of people probably assumed
all right we've got a big name company
behind us we should expect for them to
not only maintain the rosters that they
have right now or at least the games
that they are in but to you even in some
cases double down on that so seeing a
departure from certain games probably is
a bit jarring for folks you know why are
we seeing this kind of disruption gotcha
it's it's a good question so you know I
think a big goal of mine is to build a
sustainable company one that identifies
game ecosystems that are that aren't
egregiously sort of expensive and like
the aren't really really tough to
sustain a a reasonable business model I
think is how at position and what that
means is there are some games that it is
extraordinary to break in whether to
support with infrastructure with with
player salaries and different pieces but
really tough to monetize against and
those games at this time
ones that we're gonna be choosing to be
a part of my goal is to identify those
game ecosystems that are sustainable
that can help prop up CLG in the long
term that will allow us to build an
infrastructure in a support structure
that's gonna be beneficial to players
but also the greater ecosystem and where
can CLG come in and add a lot of value
right and so I hinted at it today in the
subreddit like stay tuned there's gonna
be some things coming up around new
teams and expansion for CLG and we have
high hopes for where we're gonna be
going but I think we are being very
critical at the ecosystems that we look
at for sustainability and as led us on
the path that we're at with with cs:go
and otherwise yeah you use the phrase
phrase egregiously expensive would you
say that csgo is egregiously expensive I
would say that there are a lot of
challenges with csgo I think it is
incredibly tough to have a incredibly
tough to have a winning team both on the
infrastructure side and on the player
salary side in addition to that it's no
secret in the industry that is
increasingly difficult to bring in
sponsorship revenue against csgo because
of sort of like the political climate
that exists in the world that we live in
terrorist vs. counter terrorists red
blood that sort of thing and so the
combination of these two things the
result is an ecosystem that is really
tough to is unsustainable at least for
CLG now I can't speak necessarily to the
business models of other teams in the
ecosystem who have decided to move
forward and continue on with with csgo
but where we are as an organization how
we're continuing to move forward we have
decided that this is cuz it just isn't
right for us yeah earlier in the
interview you mentioned that Melissa had
previously said that you guys will be
moving into an office space teamliquid
has made a very very big deal about the
new I think it's officially called the
Alienware team liquid training facility
or something along those lines and
one of their big points that they they
mentioned which you have to give him
credit for this is that they said that
they continue to sort of push the
envelope on on this and that they see
that this is the future and not team
houses and and sort of this is what team
like was doing what can you tell us
about clg's of plans in that situation
and can you elaborate a little bit on
sort of the hints that we've heard
previously yeah so not ready to get into
the details of sort of what its gonna be
what its gonna look like in microwaves
yeah exactly there's gonna be one
microwave okay
there's I mean office for you Travis you
come by any time thank you but more than
I think like our goal with facility is
it's a bunch of different things but one
is trying to create a a separation
between sort of like home life and work
life so that when people are at the
office they're there to work they are
fully engaged that there are heads down
working and completely focused on that
right and when you live inside at least
for our organization and potentially
others when you live inside a team house
and you're writing this balance between
you live there and you work there it's
often can be challenging to maintain
that focus because of just the
environment that you're in so that's
like a really important piece and then I
think beyond that to the an additional
extension of that is work/life balance
right it's easy when you're in this home
environment where you work and live to
be working 14 16 18 hours a day you
don't turn off you don't have the
ability to recover to rest and having a
facility will allow for that type of
separation that's gonna help you to
maintain that focus to get that rest
that you need that and you know houses
aren't necessarily always equipped to
have all the needs to support a
cutting-edge team which is what we want
to be whether that's technology
environment or what have you and so if
facilities can allow us to do that do
you think that these offices because you
mentioned them being able to assist with
the work-life balance and also
sort of being able to separate you know
when you're at the office from home do
you think that for you personally this
will help with your work-life balance
and being able to separate life from
linear because I notice often times you
know I'm trying to talk to you you're at
home uh-huh you're not responding okay
and you're working at home oh I see yeah
and so they should say you know when
you're at the office it's about me
Travis no I you know I think part of is
leading by example but I think more than
that when I'm in the office I want to
work and when I'm not I'm gonna try not
to work but I think the nature a little
bit of you sports at least in my
position is there's always something
going on there's always something
interesting and compelling either to
watch to read about you know chat with
my good buddy Travis about what's
happening in the ecosystem and that's
something I choose into and not sort of
a result of the environment that I'm in
right and so that's an important
distinction as we move into this
facility yeah for you know kind of
switching back to the League of Legends
team since we've got LCS on the horizon
this offseason I've heard was very very
hectic you kind of mentioned this
previously now that it's the dust has
settled what do you think of sort of
where everything is landed and kind of
reflecting back on that a couple of days
that everybody was kind of rushing
around and trying to get stuff done you
know what is your take on all that stuff
kind of given this now a month time that
you've been able to kind of think
retrospectively about all of it yeah I
don't think anyone was totally could
prepared for how I think competitive and
how much work it was going to be in the
offseason to secure your roster get
everything in place for this new era for
for League of Legends for the LCS and as
a result of that I think people really
we're working holidays or working
through the holidays just to make sure
that everything was in place
and maybe that's short-sighted on my
side or my part but or others but with
the new teams coming in wanting to make
a lasting impression you know obviously
first impressions are super important
they want to come in they want to build
their fan base and they're going to be
willing to go after this
talent it really I think shook everyone
in terms of like just how aggressive
everyone was pursuing just like these
all-star rosters right and so I think
that was probably reflecting on it
something that I wasn't prepared for
and as a result ended up you know
working a lot a lot to like make it
happen but more than that just goes to
show how serious everyone's taking it
how important this is for all these
organizations involved and as a result
you know sort of led into this period of
like these are a group of owners they're
going to be really exciting to work with
that we can all learn from and are gonna
be really interesting over the next year
we've talked about a lot of serious
things in this interview that I'd like
to at the end get your opinion on
something which I believe you've already
seen and already been aware of but is
your Instagram no but it is close to it
this is a picture of bio for us eating a
banana uh-huh
somewhat I don't know I'm just kind of
curious what your take is on this
picture I think the jersey looks really
nice where can I buy a Jersey like that
oh but look at the banana I mean it's
really nice yeah yeah it looks looks
right is his his expression I think
really says he's a good-looking dude
yeah like what do you what do you want
for me it's a nice Jersey okay
very good this area thing you would say
to any of the CLG fans out there uh yeah
like look forward to some really fun
announcements in the next in the next
couple weeks and I think we have some
really cool stuff I don't know when this
interview is gonna be launching but we
have some really cool stuff planned for
the start of the season which has a lot
to do with the place that we're in right
now which were we're really excited
about we have we have new merch not to
steal too much but we have new emergency
of New Jersey's we're just excited to
have you involved with us for the LCS
season and thanks for supporting CLG for
supporting me and supporting CLG check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things these sports right here on my
youtube channel
you might not know this but doublelift
actually still charges me for every
interview that I do with them $5,000
when I was working at a major media
company this wasn't an issue but it is
now so if you want to help me out with
this you can run over to Travis gaffer
dot-com slash support